CENTER FOR INDOOR AiR RESEARCH
1099 WaTeRsoN Roa Surre 280 LivtuicuM, Mb. 21090
APPLICATION FOR ($10) 684-3777 Fax 410) 684.3729
RESEARCH CONTRACT
|. PRINCIPAL INVESTIGATOR. Name, 17, TELEPHONE # AND MAILING ADDRESS
(Steven R. Kleeberger, Ph.D. (» Associate Professor () (410) _955~3515/955-0299
Nave Tre "TeiERNONE #7 FAX W
: (Environmental Health Sciences q)_Johns Hopkins University, School of Hyg. & Pub. Hith.
Deoarrext InsiiuTiON
(» 815 North Wolfe Street, Baltimore, Maryland (o) 21205
i ‘MAitine ADDRESS Seaver
2PROKECTTME Mechanisms of Chronic Ozone Exposure: Role of Inflammation
3. KEY WORDS. PLease PaoviDe THREE (3) KEY WORDS WHICH WIKRE USED AS REFERENCE HEADINGS Ozone, Inflammation, Mast Cell
4. INSTITUTION. NaME AND ADDRESS OF INSTTTLTION RESPONSIBLE AND ACCOUNTABLE FOR DISROSTION OF FUNDS AWARDED ON THE BASIS
(OF Tis APPLICATION
(Johns Hopkins University) 615 North Wolfe Street
Issmunow ‘STREET ADDRESS
( Baltimore (Maryland 21205
Sr SrareZir
S:LOCATION. List LOCATION WHERE RESEARCH WIL BE CONDUCTED I OTHER THAN NSTTTION IDENTIFIED I #4 ABOVE
co)
INCLUSIVE DATES ano TOTAL COSTS oF Ts srecinc PROJECT RELATED TO EACH 12 MONTH PERIOD IF MORE THAN ONE YEAR IS
[REQUIRED TO COMPLETE PROIECT. SUMMARIZE FROM BUDGET PAGE, ITM 12()- IT MUST BE UNDERSTOOD THAT AWARDS FOR 2ND AND 38D,
PERIODS ARE DEPENDENT ON CENTER APPROVAL OF CONTINUATION APPLICATION
Inctusive Date Tota Cost
1 -runy 12/31/94 ¢_210,910
O1/01/95 say 12/31/95 5 212, 481
01/01/96 yy 12/31/96 _220, 416
4.0F POIDUAL AUTHORED To SN FoR Te NsTTUMION DOMIMED
of tas REND AND FUND ACEEPTALE The CENTERS
I
(4) 1st 12 mow penton —OL/01/9.
(8) 280 12 Mont renioo ie REQUIRED
(©) 3R0 12 Mon Peni w REQUIRED
7. INSTITUTIONAL OFFICER. NamE, THLE AXD:
1% #4 ABOVE. I IS UNDERSTOOD THAT THE OFFICER,
Naqwacsie OF Reseach CONTACTS AD i
(Alan M. Goldberg, Ph.D. n/fbr Research
Nag
| () €410)_ 955-9253 o
Rasriove 2S _ -
PRELIMINARY STUDIES"
(A) FEASIBILITY OF PROPOSED RESEARCH
(6) Quatincxtions oF nvesTIoATOR
(9. EXPERIMENTAL PLANE.
() Disicx
(8) Mevwons
(©) ANALYSIS OF DATA
() Ietexrazramon OF resus
(6) ToteTABLE FoR Tite INVESTIGATION
() Lirexarume crrep.
10, AVAILABLE FACILITIES AND RESOURCES,
1, OTHER SUPPORT
* Aran AS MUCH MATERIAL AS REQUIRED. TYPE, SINGLE SPACE, USE 8-1/2” x 11” WHITE PAPER AND LABEL EACH SHEET WITH! NAME OF THE
‘PRINCIPAL INVESTIGATOR IN THE UPPER RIGHT HAND CORNER AND PAGE NUMBER AT THE BOTTOM. CONSECUTIVELY MUMBER EACH. ADDENDUM
‘BEGINNING WITH PAGE 5. Do NOT INSERT PAGES BETWEEN PAGES I AND 6,€.6, 24,28, 34, ET. INCLUDE NINE COPIES AND AN ORGINAL I
SENDING PHOTOGRAPIS, INCLUDE 2 ORIGINAL SETS. NOTE: EACH OF THE NINE COPIES MUST RE PLACED IN A BINDER FER MAWLING
INSTRUCTIONS.
2bIP6SLs