"CORRECTED FORM"
The Commonwealth of Massachusetts
OFFICE OF CAMPAIGN AND POLITICAL FINANCE
_|
REPORT OF
CORPORATE TREASURER Ss Form CPF 22
Gs — formerly CPF 10)
File with: Director, ia
ff (CHECK ONE)
Office of Campaign & Political Finance
10 60th Day Prior to Election
One Ashburton Place, Boston, MA 02108
1 Sts Day of the Monch
{GF Please Print or Type, except Signatures. 2m Dayo he Month
1, Name of Treasurer: Alfred Peterson; Assistant Treasure:: Peter J. Mergullo
Lorillard Tobacco Compan’
2, Name of Corporation
One Park Avenue
New York, NY 10016-5895 |
1 relating to Tobacco Excise Tax Increase
4. Question No. —.
(Describe question briefly)
3. Address of Corporation
November 3, 1992:e__Massachusetts ballot.
(Election Date) (Name of City/Town or State)*
+ Note: If this expenditure is made to influence a local ballot question, a copy of this form should be filed with the city or
town clerk or election commission.
submitted to the voters on
October 16, 19-92 and Ending November 5, 1992_
{GF Fittin Dates: Reporting Period Beginning
the amount or value of every gift, payment, expenditure or contribution or
thee with the date, purpose, and full name and address of the person to whom
he requirements of Mass. General Laws, Chapter $5, Section 22, as amended.
I certify that this report is a true statement of
promise to give, pay, expend or contribute, tog
it was made. I make this report in accordance with
Stapsdyunder the penalties of perjury.
Bre Co March 30, 1993
Freasorer Sifnatare~ Date
Assistant Treasurer EXPENDITURES OR DISBURSEMENTS
Date To Whom Paid T Amount
Pald___|_ (alphabets! Listing Mandaton) Address Purpose | or Value™*
ro/2e/o2 | cosates vague Pos Bou 5979, soston, wh oni | nux°ER8ace | 20, [asa.00
70/30/92 | comittee Againee Uncate Taxes | 7.0, Sox $972, Boston, ws onus | tax WEtEEae | 10,[608.00
| | i
| |
l CT
1
‘Total Expenditures or Disbursements on This Report |_*S: 85.00
508, 789.00
viously Repored
1 of Disbursements P
+ Inckind contributions should be included here Total Expendi
‘Autach additional page
ERFPORTING REOVIBEMENTS CONTINEED ON REVERSE SIDF)
Lb 1816